 Your company's test suite is a custom C++ application that runs tests throughout each day on Linux virtual machines. The full test suite takes several hours to complete, running on a limited number of on-premises servers reserved for testing. Your company wants to move the testing infrastructure to the cloud, to reduce the amount of time it takes to fully test a change to the system, while changing the tests as little as possible.
Which cloud infrastructure should you recommend? 

    A. Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups and Network Load Balancer

    B. Google Compute Engine managed instance groups with auto-scaling

    C. Google Cloud Dataproc to run Apache Hadoop jobs to process each test

    D. Google App Engine with Google StackDriver for logging
----
 A lead software engineer tells you that his new application design uses websockets and HTTP sessions that are not distributed across the web servers. You want to help him ensure his application will run properly on Google Cloud Platform.
What should you do?
    
    A. Help the engineer to convert his websocket code to use HTTP streaming

    B. Review the encryption requirements for websocket connections with the security team
    
    C. Meet with the cloud operations team and the engineer to discuss load balancer options
    
    D. Help the engineer redesign the application to use a distributed user session service that does not rely on websockets and HTTP sessions.
---
 The application reliability team at your company this added a debug feature to their backend service to send all server events to Google Cloud Storage for eventual analysis. The event records are at least 50 KB and at most 15 MB and are expected to peak at 3,000 events per second. You want to minimize data loss.
Which process should you implement?

    A. Append metadata to file body Compress individual files Name files with serverName "" Timestamp Create a new bucket if bucket is older than 1 hour and save individual files to the new bucket. Otherwise, save files to existing bucket.

    B. Batch every 10,000 events with a single manifest file for metadata Compress event files and manifest file into a single archive file Name files using serverName "" EventSequence Create a new bucket if bucket is older than 1 day and save the single archive file to the new bucket. Otherwise, save the single archive file to existing bucket.

    C. Compress individual files Name files with serverName "" EventSequence Save files to one bucket Set custom metadata headers for each object after saving

    D. Append metadata to file body Compress individual files Name files with a random prefix pattern Save files to one bucket
---
 A recent audit revealed that a new network was created in your GCP project. In this network, a GCE instance has an SSH port open to the world. You want to discover this network's origin.
What should you do?

    A. Search for Create VM entry in the Stackdriver alerting console

    B. Navigate to the Activity page in the Home section. Set category to Data Access and search for Create VM entry

    C. In the Logging section of the console, specify GCE Network as the logging section. Search for the Create Insert entry

    D. Connect to the GCE instance using project SSH keys. Identify previous logins in system logs, and match these with the project owners list
---
You want to make a copy of a production Linux virtual machine in the US-Central region. You want to manage and replace the copy easily if there are changes on the production virtual machine. You will deploy the copy as a new instance in a different project in the US-East region.
What steps must you take?
    
    A. Use the Linux dd and netcat commands to copy and stream the root disk contents to a new virtual machine instance in the US-East region.
    
    B. Create a snapshot of the root disk and select the snapshot as the root disk when you create a new virtual machine instance in the US-East region.
    
    C. Create an image file from the root disk with Linux dd command, create a new virtual machine instance in the US-East region
    
    D. Create a snapshot of the root disk, create an image file in Google Cloud Storage from the snapshot, and create a new virtual machine instance in the US-East region using the image file the root disk.

---
B,C,D,C,D
