You want to create a private connection between your instances on Compute Engine and your on-premises data center. You require a connection of at least 20
Gbps. You want to follow Google-recommended practices. How should you set up the connection?

    A. Create a VPC and connect it to your on-premises data center using Dedicated Interconnect.

    B. Create a VPC and connect it to your on-premises data center using a single Cloud VPN.

    C. Create a Cloud Content Delivery Network (Cloud CDN) and connect it to your on-premises data center using Dedicated Interconnect.

    D. Create a Cloud Content Delivery Network (Cloud CDN) and connect it to your on-premises datacenter using a single Cloud VPN.

---

You are analyzing and defining business processes to support your startup's trial usage of GCP, and you don't yet know what consumer demand for your product will be. Your manager requires you to minimize GCP service costs and adhere to Google best practices. What should you do?

    A. Utilize free tier and sustained use discounts. Provision a staff position for service cost management.

    B. Utilize free tier and sustained use discounts. Provide training to the team about service cost management.

    C. Utilize free tier and committed use discounts. Provision a staff position for service cost management.

    D. Utilize free tier and committed use discounts. Provide training to the team about service cost management.

---

You are building a continuous deployment pipeline for a project stored in a Git source repository and want to ensure that code changes can be verified deploying to production. What should you do?

    A. Use Spinnaker to deploy builds to production using the red/black deployment strategy so that changes can easily be rolled back.

    B. Use Spinnaker to deploy builds to production and run tests on production deployments.

    C. Use Jenkins to build the staging branches and the master branch. Build and deploy changes to production for 10% of users before doing a complete rollout.

    D. Use Jenkins to monitor tags in the repository. Deploy staging tags to a staging environment for testing. After testing, tag the repository for production and deploy that to the production environment.

----

You have an outage in your Compute Engine managed instance group: all instance keep restarting after 5 seconds. You have a health check configured, but autoscaling is disabled. Your colleague, who is a Linux expert, offered to look into the issue. You need to make sure that he can access the VMs. What should you do?

    A. Grant your colleague the IAM role of project Viewer

    B. Perform a rolling restart on the instance group

    C. Disable the health check for the instance group. Add his SSH key to the project-wide SSH keys

    D. Disable autoscaling for the instance group. Add his SSH key to the project-wide SSH Keys

---

Your company is migrating its on-premises data center into the cloud. As part of the migration, you want to integrate Kubernetes Engine for workload orchestration. Parts of your architecture must also be PCI DSS-compliant. Which of the following is most accurate?

    A. App Engine is the only compute platform on GCP that is certified for PCI DSS hosting.

    B. Kubernetes Engine cannot be used under PCI DSS because it is considered shared hosting.

    C. Kubernetes Engine and GCP provide the tools you need to build a PCI DSS-compliant environment.

    D. All Google Cloud services are usable because Google Cloud Platform is certified PCI-compliant.

---
A,B,D,C,C
