Your company has multiple on-premises systems that serve as sources for reporting. The data has not been maintained well and has become degraded over time.
You want to use Google-recommended practices to detect anomalies in your company data. What should you do?

    A. Upload your files into Cloud Storage. Use Cloud Datalab to explore and clean your data.

    B. Upload your files into Cloud Storage. Use Cloud Dataprep to explore and clean your data.

    C. Connect Cloud Datalab to your on-premises systems. Use Cloud Datalab to explore and clean your data.

    D. Connect Cloud Dataprep to your on-premises systems. Use Cloud Dataprep to explore and clean your data.

---

Google Cloud Platform resources are managed hierarchically using organization, folders, and projects. When Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies exist at these different levels, what is the effective policy at a particular node of the hierarchy?

    A. The effective policy is determined only by the policy set at the node

    B. The effective policy is the policy set at the node and restricted by the policies of its ancestors

    C. The effective policy is the union of the policy set at the node and policies inherited from its ancestors

    D. The effective policy is the intersection of the policy set at the node and policies inherited from its ancestors

---

You are migrating your on-premises solution to Google Cloud in several phases. You will use Cloud VPN to maintain a connection between your on-premises systems and Google Cloud until the migration is completed. You want to make sure all your on-premise systems remain reachable during this period. How should you organize your networking in Google Cloud?

    A. Use the same IP range on Google Cloud as you use on-premises

    B. Use the same IP range on Google Cloud as you use on-premises for your primary IP range and use a secondary range that does not overlap with the range you use on-premises

    C. Use an IP range on Google Cloud that does not overlap with the range you use on-premises

    D. Use an IP range on Google Cloud that does not overlap with the range you use on-premises for your primary IP range and use a secondary range with the same IP range as you use on-premises

---

You have found an error in your App Engine application caused by missing Cloud Datastore indexes. You have created a YAML file with the required indexes and want to deploy these new indexes to Cloud Datastore. What should you do?

    A. Point gcloud datastore create-indexes to your configuration file

    B. Upload the configuration file the App Engine's default Cloud Storage bucket, and have App Engine detect the new indexes

    C. In the GCP Console, use Datastore Admin to delete the current indexes and upload the new configuration file

    D. Create an HTTP request to the built-in python module to send the index configuration file to your application

---

You have an application that will run on Compute Engine. You need to design an architecture that takes into account a disaster recovery plan that requires your application to fail over to another region in case of a regional outage. What should you do?

    A. Deploy the application on two Compute Engine instances in the same project but in a different region. Use the first instance to serve traffic, and use the HTTP load balancing service to fail over to the standby instance in case of a disaster.

    B. Deploy the application on a Compute Engine instance. Use the instance to serve traffic, and use the HTTP load balancing service to fail over to an instance on your premises in case of a disaster.

    C. Deploy the application on two Compute Engine instance groups, each in the same project but in a different region. Use the first instance group to serve traffic, and use the HTTP load balancing service to fail over to the standby instance group in case of a disaster.

    D. Deploy the application on two Compute Engine instance groups, each in separate project and a different region. Use the first instance group to serve traffic, and use the HTTP load balancing service to fail over to the standby instance in case of a disaster.

---
B,C,C,A,C
