You are deploying an application on App Engine that needs to integrate with an on-premises database. For security purposes, your on-premises database must not be accessible through the public Internet. What should you do?

    A. Deploy your application on App Engine standard environment and use App Engine firewall rules to limit access to the open on-premises database.

    B. Deploy your application on App Engine standard environment and use Cloud VPN to limit access to the on-premises database.

    C. Deploy your application on App Engine flexible environment and use App Engine firewall rules to limit access to the on-premises database.

    D. Deploy your application on App Engine flexible environment and use Cloud VPN to limit access to the on-premises database.

---

You are working in a highly secured environment where public Internet access from the Compute Engine VMs is not allowed. You do not yet have a VPN connection to access an on-premises file server. You need to install specific software on a Compute Engine instance. How should you install the software?

    A. Upload the required installation files to Cloud Storage. Configure the VM on a subnet with a Private Google Access subnet. Assign only an internal IP address to the VM. Download the installation files to the VM using gsutil.

    B. Upload the required installation files to Cloud Storage and use firewall rules to block all traffic except the IP address range for Cloud Storage. Download the files to the VM using gsutil.

    C. Upload the required installation files to Cloud Source Repositories. Configure the VM on a subnet with a Private Google Access subnet. Assign only an internal IP address to the VM. Download the installation files to the VM using gcloud.

    D. Upload the required installation files to Cloud Source Repositories and use firewall rules to block all traffic except the IP address range for Cloud Source Repositories. Download the files to the VM using gsutil.

---

Your company is moving 75 TB of data into Google Cloud. You want to use Cloud Storage and follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?

    A. Move your data onto a Transfer Appliance. Use a Transfer Appliance Rehydrator to decrypt the data into Cloud Storage.

    B. Move your data onto a Transfer Appliance. Use Cloud Dataprep to decrypt the data into Cloud Storage.

    C. Install gsutil on each server that contains data. Use resumable transfers to upload the data into Cloud Storage.

    D. Install gsutil on each server containing data. Use streaming transfers to upload the data into Cloud Storage.

---

You have an application deployed on Kubernetes Engine using a Deployment named echo-deployment. The deployment is exposed using a Service called echo- service. You need to perform an update to the application with minimal downtime to the application. What should you do?

    A. Use kubectl set image deployment/echo-deployment <new-image>

    B. Use the rolling update functionality of the Instance Group behind the Kubernetes cluster

    C. Update the deployment yaml file with the new container image. Use kubectl delete deployment/echo-deployment and kubectl create ""f <yaml-file>

    D. Update the service yaml file which the new container image. Use kubectl delete service/echo-service and kubectl create ""f <yaml-file>

---

Your company is using BigQuery as its enterprise data warehouse. Data is distributed over several Google Cloud projects. All queries on BigQuery need to be billed on a single project. You want to make sure that no query costs are incurred on the projects that contain the data. Users should be able to query the datasets, but not edit them.
How should you configure users' access roles?

    A. Add all users to a group. Grant the group the role of BigQuery user on the billing project and BigQuery dataViewer on the projects that contain the data.

    B. Add all users to a group. Grant the group the roles of BigQuery dataViewer on the billing project and BigQuery user on the projects that contain the data.

    C. Add all users to a group. Grant the group the roles of BigQuery jobUser on the billing project and BigQuery dataViewer on the projects that contain the data.

    D. Add all users to a group. Grant the group the roles of BigQuery dataViewer on the billing project and BigQuery jobUser on the projects that contain the data.

---
D,A,A,A,C
