You have developed an application using Cloud ML Engine that recognizes famous paintings from uploaded images. You want to test the application and allow specific people to upload images for the next 24 hours. Not all users have a Google Account. How should you have users upload images?

    A. Have users upload the images to Cloud Storage. Protect the bucket with a password that expires after 24 hours.

    B. Have users upload the images to Cloud Storage using a signed URL that expires after 24 hours.

    C. Create an App Engine web application where users can upload images. Configure App Engine to disable the application after 24 hours. Authenticate users via Cloud Identity.

    D. Create an App Engine web application where users can upload images for the next 24 hours. Authenticate users via Cloud Identity.

----

Your web application must comply with the requirements of the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You are responsible for the technical architecture of your web application. What should you do?

    A. Ensure that your web application only uses native features and services of Google Cloud Platform, because Google already has various certifications and provides "pass-on" compliance when you use native features.

    B. Enable the relevant GDPR compliance setting within the GCPConsole for each of the services in use within your application.

    C. Ensure that Cloud Security Scanner is part of your test planning strategy in order to pick up any compliance gaps.

    D. Define a design for the security of data in your web application that meets GDPR requirements.

----

You need to set up Microsoft SQL Server on GCP. Management requires that there's no downtime in case of a data center outage in any of the zones within a GCP region. What should you do?

    A. Configure a Cloud SQL instance with high availability enabled.

    B. Configure a Cloud Spanner instance with a regional instance configuration.

    C. Set up SQL Server on Compute Engine, using Always On Availability Groups using Windows Failover Clustering. Place nodes in different subnets.

    D. Set up SQL Server Always On Availability Groups using Windows Failover Clustering. Place nodes in different zones.

----

The development team has provided you with a Kubernetes Deployment file. You have no infrastructure yet and need to deploy the application. What should you do?

    A. Use gcloud to create a Kubernetes cluster. Use Deployment Manager to create the deployment.

    B. Use gcloud to create a Kubernetes cluster. Use kubectl to create the deployment.

    C. Use kubectl to create a Kubernetes cluster. Use Deployment Manager to create the deployment.

    D. Use kubectl to create a Kubernetes cluster. Use kubectl to create the deployment.

---

You need to evaluate your team readiness for a new GCP project. You must perform the evaluation and create a skills gap plan incorporates the business goal of cost optimization. Your team has deployed two GCP projects successfully to date. What should you do?

    A. Allocate budget for team training. Set a deadline for the new GCP project.

    B. Allocate budget for team training. Create a roadmap for your team to achieve Google Cloud certification based on job role.

    C. Allocate budget to hire skilled external consultants. Set a deadline for the new GCP project.

    D. Allocate budget to hire skilled external consultants. Create a roadmap for your team to achieve Google Cloud certification based on job role.

----
B,D,A,B,B
