You are designing an application for use only during business hours. For the minimum viable product release, you'd like to use a managed product that automatically "scales to zero" so you don't incur costs when there is no activity.
Which primary compute resource should you choose?

    A. Cloud Functions

    B. Compute Engine

    C. Kubernetes Engine

    D. AppEngine flexible environment

----

You are creating an App Engine application that uses Cloud Datastore as its persistence layer. You need to retrieve several root entities for which you have the identifiers. You want to minimize the overhead in operations performed by Cloud Datastore. What should you do?

    A. Create the Key object for each Entity and run a batch get operation

    B. Create the Key object for each Entity and run multiple get operations, one operation for each entity

    C. Use the identifiers to create a query filter and run a batch query operation

    D. Use the identifiers to create a query filter and run multiple query operations, one operation for each entity

----

You need to upload files from your on-premises environment to Cloud Storage. You want the files to be encrypted on Cloud Storage using customer-supplied encryption keys. What should you do?

    A. Supply the encryption key in a .boto configuration file. Use gsutil to upload the files.

    B. Supply the encryption key using gcloud config. Use gsutil to upload the files to that bucket.

    C. Use gsutil to upload the files, and use the flag --encryption-key to supply the encryption key.

    D. Use gsutil to create a bucket, and use the flag --encryption-key to supply the encryption key. Use gsutil to upload the files to that bucket.

----

Your customer wants to capture multiple GBs of aggregate real-time key performance indicators (KPIs) from their game servers running on Google Cloud Platform and monitor the KPIs with low latency. How should they capture the KPIs?

    A. Store time-series data from the game servers in Google Bigtable, and view it using Google Data Studio.

    B. Output custom metrics to Stackdriver from the game servers, and create a Dashboard in Stackdriver Monitoring Console to view them.

    C. Schedule BigQuery load jobs to ingest analytics files uploaded to Cloud Storage every ten minutes, and visualize the results in Google Data Studio.

    D. Insert the KPIs into Cloud Datastore entities, and run ad hoc analysis and visualizations of them in Cloud Datalab.

----

You have a Python web application with many dependencies that requires 0.1 CPU cores and 128 MB of memory to operate in production. You want to monitor and maximize machine utilization. You also want to reliably deploy new versions of the application. Which set of steps should you take?

    A. Perform the following: 1. Create a managed instance group with f1-micro type machines. 2. Use a startup script to clone the repository, check out the production branch, install the dependencies, and start the Python app. 3. Restart the instances to automatically deploy new production releases.

    B. Perform the following: 1. Create a managed instance group with n1-standard-1 type machines. 2. Build a Compute Engine image from the production branch that contains all of the dependencies and automatically starts the Python app. 3. Rebuild the Compute Engine image, and update the instance template to deploy new production releases.

    C. Perform the following: 1. Create a Kubernetes Engine cluster with n1-standard-1 type machines. 2. Build a Docker image from the production branch with all of the dependencies, and tag it with the version number. 3. Create a Kubernetes Deployment with the imagePullPolicy set to "IfNotPresent" in the staging namespace, and then promote it to the production namespace after testing.

    D. Perform the following: 1. Create a GKE cluster with n1-standard-4 type machines. 2. Build a Docker image from the master branch with all of the dependencies, and tag it with "latest". 3. Create a Kubernetes Deployment in the default namespace with the imagePullPolicy set to "Always". Restart the pods to automatically deploy new production releases.

---
A,A,A,B,C
