Your company wants to start using Google Cloud resources but wants to retain their on-premises Active Directory domain controller for identity management.
What should you do?

    A. Use the Admin Directory API to authenticate against the Active Directory domain controller.

    B. Use Google Cloud Directory Sync to synchronize Active Directory usernames with cloud identities and configure SAML SSO.

    C. Use Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy configured to use the on-premises Active Directory domain controller as an identity provider.

    D. Use Compute Engine to create an Active Directory (AD) domain controller that is a replica of the on-premises AD domain controller using Google Cloud Directory Sync.

----

You are running a cluster on Kubernetes Engine (GKE) to serve a web application. Users are reporting that a specific part of the application is not responding anymore. You notice that all pods of your deployment keep restarting after 2 seconds. The application writes logs to standard output. You want to inspect the logs to find the cause of the issue. Which approach can you take?

    A. Review the Stackdriver logs for each Compute Engine instance that is serving as a node in the cluster.

    B. Review the Stackdriver logs for the specific GKE container that is serving the unresponsive part of the application.

    C. Connect to the cluster using gcloud credentials and connect to a container in one of the pods to read the logs.

    D. Review the Serial Port logs for each Compute Engine instance that is serving as a node in the cluster.

----

You are using a single Cloud SQL instance to serve your application from a specific zone. You want to introduce high availability. What should you do?

    A. Create a read replica instance in a different region

    B. Create a failover replica instance in a different region

    C. Create a read replica instance in the same region, but in a different zone

    D. Create a failover replica instance in the same region, but in a different zone

----

Your company is running a stateless application on a Compute Engine instance. The application is used heavily during regular business hours and lightly outside of business hours. Users are reporting that the application is slow during peak hours. You need to optimize the application's performance. What should you do?

    A. Create a snapshot of the existing disk. Create an instance template from the snapshot. Create an autoscaled managed instance group from the instance template.

    B. Create a snapshot of the existing disk. Create a custom image from the snapshot. Create an autoscaled managed instance group from the custom image.

    C. Create a custom image from the existing disk. Create an instance template from the custom image. Create an autoscaled managed instance group from the instance template.

    D. Create an instance template from the existing disk. Create a custom image from the instance template. Create an autoscaled managed instance group from the custom image.

----

Your web application has several VM instances running within a VPC. You want to restrict communications between instances to only the paths and ports you authorize, but you don't want to rely on static IP addresses or subnets because the app can autoscale. How should you restrict communications?

    A. Use separate VPCs to restrict traffic

    B. Use firewall rules based on network tags attached to the compute instances

    C. Use Cloud DNS and only allow connections from authorized hostnames

    D. Use service accounts and configure the web application particular service accounts to have access

---
B,B,D,C,B
