You are using Cloud SQL as the database backend for a large CRM deployment. You want to scale as usage increases and ensure that you don't run out of storage, maintain 75% CPU usage cores, and keep replication lag below 60 seconds. What are the correct steps to meet your requirements?

    A. 1. Enable automatic storage increase for the instance. 2. Create a Stackdriver alert when CPU usage exceeds 75%, and change the instance type to reduce CPU usage. 3. Create a Stackdriver alert for replication lag, and shard the database to reduce replication time.

    B. 1. Enable automatic storage increase for the instance. 2. Change the instance type to a 32-core machine type to keep CPU usage below 75%. 3. Create a Stackdriver alert for replication lag, and deploy memcache to reduce load on the master.

    C. 1. Create a Stackdriver alert when storage exceeds 75%, and increase the available storage on the instance to create more space. 2. Deploy memcached to reduce CPU load. 3. Change the instance type to a 32-core machine type to reduce replication lag.

    D. 1. Create a Stackdriver alert when storage exceeds 75%, and increase the available storage on the instance to create more space. 2. Deploy memcached to reduce CPU load. 3. Create a Stackdriver alert for replication lag, and change the instance type to a 32-core machine type to reduce replication lag.

---

You are tasked with building an online analytical processing (OLAP) marketing analytics and reporting tool. This requires a relational database that can operate on hundreds of terabytes of data. What is the Google-recommended tool for such applications?

    A. Cloud Spanner, because it is globally distributed

    B. Cloud SQL, because it is a fully managed relational database

    C. Cloud Firestore, because it offers real-time synchronization across devices

    D. BigQuery, because it is designed for large-scale processing of tabular data

---

You have deployed an application to Kubernetes Engine, and are using the Cloud SQL proxy container to make the Cloud SQL database available to the services running on Kubernetes. You are notified that the application is reporting database connection issues. Your company policies require a post-mortem. What should you do?

    A. Use gcloud sql instances restart.

    B. Validate that the Service Account used by the Cloud SQL proxy container still has the Cloud Build Editor role.

    C. In the GCP Console, navigate to Stackdriver Logging. Consult logs for Kubernetes Engine and Cloud SQL.

    D. In the GCP Console, navigate to Cloud SQL. Restore the latest backup. Use kubectl to restart all pods.

---

Your company pushes batches of sensitive transaction data from its application server VMs to Cloud Pub/Sub for processing and storage. What is the Google- recommended way for your application to authenticate to the required Google Cloud services?

    A. Ensure that VM service accounts are granted the appropriate Cloud Pub/Sub IAM roles.

    B. Ensure that VM service accounts do not have access to Cloud Pub/Sub, and use VM access scopes to grant the appropriate Cloud Pub/Sub IAM roles.

    C. Generate an OAuth2 access token for accessing Cloud Pub/Sub, encrypt it, and store it in Cloud Storage for access from each VM.

    D. Create a gateway to Cloud Pub/Sub using a Cloud Function, and grant the Cloud Function service account the appropriate Cloud Pub/Sub IAM roles.

---

You want to establish a Compute Engine application in a single VPC across two regions. The application must communicate over VPN to an on-premises network.
How should you deploy the VPN?

    A. Use VPC Network Peering between the VPC and the on-premises network.

    B. Expose the VPC to the on-premises network using IAM and VPC Sharing.

    C. Create a global Cloud VPN Gateway with VPN tunnels from each region to the on-premises peer gateway.

    D. Deploy Cloud VPN Gateway in each region. Ensure that each region has at least one VPN tunnel to the on-premises peer gateway.

----
A,D,C,A,D
