Your applications will be writing their logs to BigQuery for analysis. Each application should have its own table. Any logs older than 45 days should be removed.
You want to optimize storage and follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?

    A. Configure the expiration time for your tables at 45 days

    B. Make the tables time-partitioned, and configure the partition expiration at 45 days

    C. Rely on BigQuery's default behavior to prune application logs older than 45 days

    D. Create a script that uses the BigQuery command line tool (bq) to remove records older than 45 days

---

You want your Google Kubernetes Engine cluster to automatically add or remove nodes based on CPUload.
What should you do?

    A. Configure a HorizontalPodAutoscaler with a target CPU usage. Enable the Cluster Autoscaler from the GCP Console.

    B. Configure a HorizontalPodAutoscaler with a target CPU usage. Enable autoscaling on the managed instance group for the cluster using the gcloud command.

    C. Create a deployment and set the maxUnavailable and maxSurge properties. Enable the Cluster Autoscaler using the gcloud command.

    D. Create a deployment and set the maxUnavailable and maxSurge properties. Enable autoscaling on the cluster managed instance group from the GCP Console.

----

You need to develop procedures to verify resilience of disaster recovery for remote recovery using GCP. Your production environment is hosted on-premises. You need to establish a secure, redundant connection between your on-premises network and the GCP network.
What should you do?

    A. Verify that Dedicated Interconnect can replicate files to GCP. Verify that direct peering can establish a secure connection between your networks if Dedicated Interconnect fails.

    B. Verify that Dedicated Interconnect can replicate files to GCP. Verify that Cloud VPN can establish a secure connection between your networks if Dedicated Interconnect fails.

    C. Verify that the Transfer Appliance can replicate files to GCP. Verify that direct peering can establish a secure connection between your networks if the Transfer Appliance fails.

    D. Verify that the Transfer Appliance can replicate files to GCP. Verify that Cloud VPN can establish a secure connection between your networks if the Transfer Appliance fails.

----

Your company operates nationally and plans to use GCP for multiple batch workloads, including some that are not time-critical. You also need to use GCP services that are HIPAA-certified and manage service costs.
How should you design to meet Google best practices?

    A. Provisioning preemptible VMs to reduce cost. Discontinue use of all GCP services and APIs that are not HIPAA-compliant.

    B. Provisioning preemptible VMs to reduce cost. Disable and then discontinue use of all GCP and APIs that are not HIPAA-compliant.

    C. Provision standard VMs in the same region to reduce cost. Discontinue use of all GCP services and APIs that are not HIPAA-compliant.

    D. Provision standard VMs to the same region to reduce cost. Disable and then discontinue use of all GCP services and APIs that are not HIPAA-compliant.

----

Your customer wants to do resilience testing of their authentication layer. This consists of a regional managed instance group serving a public REST API that reads from and writes to a Cloud SQL instance.
What should you do?

    A. Engage with a security company to run web scrapers that look your users' authentication data om malicious websites and notify you if any if found.

    B. Deploy intrusion detection software to your virtual machines to detect and log unauthorized access.

    C. Schedule a disaster simulation exercise during which you can shut off all VMs in a zone to see how your application behaves.

    D. Configure a read replica for your Cloud SQL instance in a different zone than the master, and then manually trigger a failover while monitoring KPIs for our REST API.

----
B,A,B,B,C
