Your company runs several databases on a single MySQL instance. They need to take backups of a specific database at regular intervals. The backup activity needs to complete as quickly as possible and cannot be allowed to impact disk performance.
How should you configure the storage?

    A. Configure a cron job to use the gcloud tool to take regular backups using persistent disk snapshots.
    
    B. Mount a Local SSD volume as the backup location. After the backup is complete, use gsutil to move the backup to Google Cloud Storage.
    
    C. Use gcsfise to mount a Google Cloud Storage bucket as a volume directly on the instance and write backups to the mounted location using mysqldump.
    
    D. Mount additional persistent disk volumes onto each virtual machine (VM) instance in a RAID10 array and use LVM to create snapshots to send to Cloud Storage

---
You are helping the QA team to roll out a new load-testing tool to test the scalability of your primary cloud services that run on Google Compute Engine with Cloud
Bigtable.
Which three requirements should they include? Choose 3 answers.

    A. Ensure that the load tests validate the performance of Cloud Bigtable
    
    B. Create a separate Google Cloud project to use for the load-testing environment
    
    C. Schedule the load-testing tool to regularly run against the production environment
    
    D. Ensure all third-party systems your services use is capable of handling high load
    
    E. Instrument the production services to record every transaction for replay by the load-testing tool
    
    F. Instrument the load-testing tool and the target services with detailed logging and metrics collection

---

Your customer is moving their corporate applications to Google Cloud Platform. The security team wants detailed visibility of all projects in the organization. You provision the Google Cloud Resource Manager and set up yourself as the org admin.
What Google Cloud Identity and Access Management (Cloud IAM) roles should you give to the security team?

    A. Org viewer, project owner
    
    B. Org viewer, project viewer
    
    C. Org admin, project browser
    
    D. Project owner, network admin

---

Your company places a high value on being responsive and meeting customer needs quickly. Their primary business objectives are release speed and agility. You want to reduce the chance of security errors being accidentally introduced.
Which two actions can you take? Choose 2 answers.

    A. Ensure every code check-in is peer reviewed by a security SME

    B. Use source code security analyzers as part of the CI/CD pipeline

    C. Ensure you have stubs to unit test all interfaces between components

    D. Enable code signing and a trusted binary repository integrated with your CI/CD pipeline

    E. Run a vulnerability security scanner as part of your continuous-integration /continuous-delivery (CI/CD) pipeline

---

You want to enable your running Google Kubernetes Engine cluster to scale as demand for your application changes.
What should you do?

    A. Add additional nodes to your Kubernetes Engine cluster using the following command: gcloud container clusters resize CLUSTER_Name "" -size 10

    B. Add a tag to the instances in the cluster with the following command: gcloud compute instances add-tags INSTANCE - -tags enable- autoscaling max-nodes-10

    C. Update the existing Kubernetes Engine cluster with the following command: gcloud alpha container clusters update mycluster - -enable- autoscaling - -min-nodes=1 - -max-nodes=10

    D. Create a new Kubernetes Engine cluster with the following command: gcloud alpha container clusters create mycluster - -enable- autoscaling - -min-nodes=1 - -max-nodes=10 and redeploy your application

---
C,(B E F),B,(B E),C
