Your BigQuery project has several users. For audit purposes, you need to see how many queries each user ran in the last month. What should you do?

    A. Connect Google Data Studio to BigQuery. Create a dimension for the users and a metric for the amount of queries per user.

    B. In the BigQuery interface, execute a query on the JOBS table to get the required information.

    C. Use "˜bq show' to list all jobs. Per job, use "˜bq Is' to list job information and get the required information.

    D. Use Cloud Audit Logging to view Cloud Audit Logs, and create a filter on the query operation to get the required information.

---

You want to automate the creation of a managed instance group. The VMs have many OS package dependencies. You want to minimize the startup time for VMs in the instance group.
What should you do?

    A. Use Terraform to create the managed instance group and a startup script to install the OS package dependencies.

    B. Create a custom VM image with all OS package dependencies. Use Deployment Manager to create the managed instance group with the VM image.

    C. Use Puppet to create the managed instance group and install the OS package dependencies.

    D. Use Deployment Manager to create the managed instance group and Ansible to install the OS package dependencies.

---

Your company captures all web traffic data in Google Analytics 360 and stores it in BigQuery. Each country has its own dataset. Each dataset has multiple tables.
You want analysts from each country
to be able to see and query only the data for their respective countries.
How should you configure the access rights?

    A. Create a group per country. Add analysts to their respective country-groups. Create a single group "˜all_analysts', and add all country-groups as members. Grant the "˜all-analysts' group the IAM role of BigQuery jobUser. Share the appropriate dataset with view access with each respective analyst country-group.

    B. Create a group per country. Add analysts to their respective country-groups. Create a single group "˜all_analysts', and add all country-groups as members. Grant the "˜all-analysts' group the IAM role of BigQuery jobUser. Share the appropriate tables with view access with each respective analyst country-group.

    C. Create a group per country. Add analysts to their respective country-groups. Create a single group "˜all_analysts', and add all country-groups as members. Grant the "˜all-analysts' group the IAM role of BigQuery dataViewer. Share the appropriate dataset with view access with each respective analyst country-group.

    D. Create a group per country. Add analysts to their respective country-groups. Create a single group "˜all_analysts', and add all country-groups as members. Grant the "˜all-analysts' group the IAM role of BigQuery dataViewer. Share the appropriate table with view access with each respective analyst country-group.

----

You have been engaged by your client to lead the migration of their application infrastructure to GCP. One of their current problems is that the on-premises high performance SAN is requiring frequent and expensive upgrades to keep up with the variety of workloads that are identified as follows: 20TB of log archives retained for legal reasons; 500 GB of VM boot/data volumes and templates; 500 GB of image thumbnails; 200 GB of customer session state data that allows customers to restart sessions even if off-line for several days.
Which of the following best reflects your recommendations for a cost-effective storage allocation?

    A. Local SSD for customer session state data. Lifecycle-managed Cloud Storage for log archives, thumbnails, and VM boot/data volumes.

    B. Memcache backed by Cloud Datastore for the customer session state data. Lifecycle- managed Cloud Storage for log archives, thumbnails, and VM boot/data volumes.

    C. Memcache backed by Cloud SQL for customer session state data. Assorted local SSD-backed instances for VM boot/data volumes. Cloud Storage for log archives and thumbnails.

    D. Memcache backed by Persistent Disk SSD storage for customer session state data. Assorted local SSD-backed instances for VM boot/data volumes. Cloud Storage for log archives and thumbnails.

----

Your web application uses Google Kubernetes Engine to manage several workloads. One workload requires a consistent set of hostnames even after pod scaling and relaunches.
Which feature of Kubernetes should you use to accomplish this?

    A. StatefulSets
    B. Role-based access control
    C. Container environment variables
    D. Persistent Volumes

----
D,B,C,B,A
