A development team at your company has created a dockerized HTTPS web application. You need to deploy the application on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and make sure that the application scales automatically.
How should you deploy to GKE?

    A. Use the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler and enable cluster autoscaling. Use an Ingress resource to load-balance the HTTPS traffic.

    B. Use the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler and enable cluster autoscaling on the Kubernetes cluster. Use a Service resource of type LoadBalancer to load-balance the HTTPS traffic.

    C. Enable autoscaling on the Compute Engine instance group. Use an Ingress resource to load balance the HTTPS traffic.

    D. Enable autoscaling on the Compute Engine instance group. Use a Service resource of type LoadBalancer to load-balance the HTTPS traffic.

----

You need to design a solution for global load balancing based on the URL path being requested. You need to ensure operations reliability and end-to-end in- transit encryption based on Google best practices.
What should you do?

    A. Create a cross-region load balancer with URL Maps.

    B. Create an HTTPS load balancer with URL maps.

    C. Create appropriate instance groups and instances. Configure SSL proxy load balancing.

    D. Create a global forwarding rule. Configure SSL proxy balancing.

---

You have an application that makes HTTP requests to Cloud Storage. Occasionally the requests fail with HTTP status codes of 5xx and 429.
How should you handle these types of errors?

    A. Use gRPC instead of HTTP for better performance.

    B. Implement retry logic using a truncated exponential backoff strategy.

    C. Make sure the Cloud Storage bucket is multi-regional for geo-redundancy.

    D. Monitor https://status.cloud.google.com/feed.atom and only make requests if Cloud Storage is not reporting an incident.

----

You need to develop procedures to test a disaster plan for a mission-critical application. You want to use Google-recommended practices and native capabilities within GCP.
What should you do?

    A. Use Deployment Manager to automate service provisioning. Use Activity Logs to monitor and debug your tests.

    B. Use Deployment Manager to automate service provisioning. Use Stackdriver to monitor and debug your tests.

    C. Use gcloud scripts to automate service provisioning. Use Activity Logs monitor and debug your tests.

    D. Use gcloud scripts to automate service provisioning. Use Stackdriver to monitor and debug your tests.

----

Your company creates rendering software which users can download from the company website. Your company has customers all over the world. You want to minimize latency for all your customers. You want to follow Google-recommended practices.
How should you store the files?

    A. Save the files in a Multi-Regional Cloud Storage bucket.

    B. Save the files in a Regional Cloud Storage bucket, one bucket per zone of the region.

    C. Save the files in multiple Regional Cloud Storage buckets, one bucket per zone per region.

    D. Save the files in multiple Multi-Regional Cloud Storage buckets, one bucket per multi-region.

----
B,B,B,B,D
