Your company acquired a healthcare startup and must retain its customers' medical information for up to 4 more years, depending on when it was created. Your corporate policy is to securely retain this data, and then delete it as soon as regulations allow.
Which approach should you take?

    A. Store the data in Google Drive and manually delete records as they expire.

    B. Anonymize the data using the Cloud Data Loss Prevention API and store it indefinitely.

    C. Store the data in Cloud Storage and use lifecycle management to delete files when they expire.

    D. Store the data in Cloud Storage and run a nightly batch script that deletes all expired data.

----

You are deploying a PHP App Engine Standard service with SQL as the backend. You want to minimize the number of queries to the database.
What should you do?

    A. Set the memcache service level to dedicated. Create a key from the hash of the query, and return database values from memcache before issuing a query to Cloud SQL.

    B. Set the memcache service level to dedicated. Create a cron task that runs every minute to populate the cache with keys containing query results.

    C. Set the memcache service level to shared. Create a cron task that runs every minute to save all expected queries to a key called "cached-queries".

    D. Set the memcache service level to shared. Create a key called "cached-queries", and return database values from the key before using a query to Cloud SQL.

----

You need to ensure reliability for your application and operations by supporting reliable task a scheduling for compute on GCP. Leveraging Google best practices, what should you do?

    A. Using the Cron service provided by App Engine, publishing messages directly to a message-processing utility service running on Compute Engine instances.

    B. Using the Cron service provided by App Engine, publish messages to a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Subscribe to that topic using a message-processing utility service running on Compute Engine instances.

    C. Using the Cron service provided by Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), publish messages directly to a message-processing utility service running on Compute Engine instances.

    D. Using the Cron service provided by GKE, publish messages to a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. Subscribe to that topic using a message-processing utility service running on Compute Engine instances.

----

Your company is building a new architecture to support its data-centric business focus. You are responsible for setting up the network. Your company's mobile and web-facing applications will be deployed on-premises, and all data analysis will be conducted in GCP. The plan is to process and load 7 years of archived .csv files totaling 900 TB of data and then continue loading 10 TB of data daily. You currently have an existing 100-MB internet connection.
What actions will meet your company's needs?

    A. Compress and upload both archived files and files uploaded daily using the qsutil ""m option.

    B. Lease a Transfer Appliance, upload archived files to it, and send it, and send it to Google to transfer archived data to Cloud Storage. Establish a connection with Google using a Dedicated Interconnect or Direct Peering connection and use it to upload files daily.

    C. Lease a Transfer Appliance, upload archived files to it, and send it, and send it to Google to transfer archived data to Cloud Storage. Establish one Cloud VPN Tunnel to VPC networks over the public internet, and compares and upload files daily using the gsutil ""m option.

    D. Lease a Transfer Appliance, upload archived files to it, and send it to Google to transfer archived data to Cloud Storage. Establish a Cloud VPN Tunnel to VPC networks over the public internet, and compress and upload files daily.

----

You are developing a globally scaled frontend for a legacy streaming backend data API. This API expects events in strict chronological order with no repeat data for proper processing.
Which products should you deploy to ensure guaranteed-once FIFO (first-in, first-out) delivery of data?

    A. Cloud Pub/Sub alone
    B. Cloud Pub/Sub to Cloud DataFlow
    C. Cloud Pub/Sub to Stackdriver
    D. Cloud Pub/Sub to Cloud SQL

----
C,A,B,B,B
