Your marketing department wants to send out a promotional email campaign. The development team wants to minimize direct operation management. They project a wide range of possible customer responses, from 100 to 500,000 click-through per day. The link leads to a simple website that explains the promotion and collects user information and preferences.
Which infrastructure should you recommend? Choose 2 answers.

    A. Use Google App Engine to serve the website and Google Cloud Datastore to store user data.

    B. Use a Google Container Engine cluster to serve the website and store data to persistent disk.

    C. Use a managed instance group to serve the website and Google Cloud Bigtable to store user data.

    D. Use a single Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) to host a web server, backend by Google Cloud SQL.
----
Your company just finished a rapid lift and shift to Google Compute Engine for your compute needs. You have another 9 months to design and deploy a more cloud-native solution. Specifically, you want a system that is no-ops and auto-scaling.
Which two compute products should you choose? Choose 2 answers.

    A. Compute Engine with containers
    B. Google Kubernetes Engine with containers
    C. Google App Engine Standard Environment
    D. Compute Engine with custom instance types
    E. Compute Engine with managed instance groups

----
One of your primary business objectives is being able to trust the data stored in your application. You want to log all changes to the application data.
How can you design your logging system to verify authenticity of your logs?

    A. Write the log concurrently in the cloud and on premises

    B. Use a SQL database and limit who can modify the log table

    C. Digitally sign each timestamp and log entry and store the signature

    D. Create a JSON dump of each log entry and store it in Google Cloud Storage
---
Your company has decided to make a major revision of their API in order to create better experiences for their developers. They need to keep the old version of the API available and deployable, while allowing new customers and testers to try out the new API. They want to keep the same SSL and DNS records in place to serve both APIs.
What should they do?

    A. Configure a new load balancer for the new version of the API

    B. Reconfigure old clients to use a new endpoint for the new API

    C. Have the old API forward traffic to the new API based on the path

    D. Use separate backend pools for each API path behind the load balancer
---
Your company plans to migrate a multi-petabyte data set to the cloud. The data set must be available 24hrs a day. Your business analysts have experience only with using a SQL interface.
How should you store the data to optimize it for ease of analysis?

    A. Load data into Google BigQuery
    B. Insert data into Google Cloud SQL
    C. Put flat files into Google Cloud Storage
    D. Stream data into Google Cloud Datastore


---

(A C),(B C),C,D,A
