Your company wants to track whether someone is present in a meeting room reserved for a scheduled meeting. There are 1000 meeting rooms across 5 offices on 3 continents. Each room is equipped with a motion sensor that reports its status every second. The data from the motion detector includes only a sensor ID and several different discrete items of information. Analysts will use this data, together with information about account owners and office locations.
Which database type should you use?

    A. Flat file
    B. NoSQL
    C. Relational
    D. Blobstore

----

You set up an autoscaling instance group to serve web traffic for an upcoming launch. After configuring the instance group as a backend service to an HTTP(S) load balancer, you notice that virtual machine (VM) instances are being terminated and re-launched every minute. The instances do not have a public IP address.
You have verified the appropriate web response is coming from each instance using the curl command. You want to ensure the backend is configured correctly.
What should you do?

    A. Ensure that a firewall rules exists to allow source traffic on HTTP/HTTPS to reach the load balancer.

    B. Assign a public IP to each instance and configure a firewall rule to allow the load balancer to reach the instance public IP.

    C. Ensure that a firewall rule exists to allow load balancer health checks to reach the instances in the instance group.

    D. Create a tag on each instance with the name of the load balancer. Configure a firewall rule with the name of the load balancer as the source and the instance tag as the destination.

----

You write a Python script to connect to Google BigQuery from a Google Compute Engine virtual machine. The script is printing errors that it cannot connect to
BigQuery.
What should you do to fix the script?

    A. Install the latest BigQuery API client library for Python

    B. Run your script on a new virtual machine with the BigQuery access scope enabled

    C. Create a new service account with BigQuery access and execute your script with that user

    D. Install the bq component for gcloud with the command gcloud components install bq.

----

Your customer is moving an existing corporate application to Google Cloud Platform from an on-premises data center. The business owners require minimal user disruption. There are strict security team requirements for storing passwords.
What authentication strategy should they use?

    A. Use G Suite Password Sync to replicate passwords into Google
    B. Federate authentication via SAML 2.0 to the existing Identity Provider
    C. Provision users in Google using the Google Cloud Directory Sync tool
    D. Ask users to set their Google password to match their corporate password

----
Your company has successfully migrated to the cloud and wants to analyze their data stream to optimize operations. They do not have any existing code for this analysis, so they are exploring all their options. These options include a mix of batch and stream processing, as they are running some hourly jobs and live- processing some data as it comes in.
Which technology should they use for this?

    A. Google Cloud Dataproc
    B. Google Cloud Dataflow
    C. Google Container Engine with Bigtable
    D. Google Compute Engine with Google BigQuery
----
B,C,B,B,B
