Your solution is producing performance bugs in production that you did not see in staging and test environments. You want to adjust your test and deployment procedures to avoid this problem in the future.
What should you do?

    A. Deploy fewer changes to production

    B. Deploy smaller changes to production

    C. Increase the load on your test and staging environments

    D. Deploy changes to a small subset of users before rolling out to production

---

A small number of API requests to your microservices-based application take a very long time. You know that each request to the API can traverse many services.
You want to know which service takes the longest in those cases.
What should you do?

    A. Set timeouts on your application so that you can fail requests faster

    B. Send custom metrics for each of your requests to Stackdriver Monitoring

    C. Use Stackdriver Monitoring to look for insights that show when your API latencies are high

    D. Instrument your application with Stackdriver Trace in order to break down the request latencies at each microservice

---

During a high traffic portion of the day, one of your relational databases crashes, but the replica is never promoted to a master. You want to avoid this in the future.
What should you do?

    A. Use a different database

    B. Choose larger instances for your database

    C. Create snapshots of your database more regularly

    D. Implement routinely scheduled failovers of your databases

---

Your organization requires that metrics from all applications be retained for 5 years for future analysis in possible legal proceedings.
Which approach should you use?

    A. Grant the security team access to the logs in each Project

    B. Configure Stackdriver Monitoring for all Projects, and export to BigQuery

    C. Configure Stackdriver Monitoring for all Projects with the default retention policies

    D. Configure Stackdriver Monitoring for all Projects, and export to Google Cloud Storage

---

Your company has decided to build a backup replica of their on-premises user authentication PostgreSQL database on Google Cloud Platform. The database is 4
TB, and large updates are frequent. Replication requires private address space communication.
Which networking approach should you use?

    A. Google Cloud Dedicated Interconnect

    B. Google Cloud VPN connected to the data center network

    C. A NAT and TLS translation gateway installed on-premises

    D. A Google Compute Engine instance with a VPN server 
    installed connected to the data center network

---
C,D,D,D,A
